And now, because this is a promo video, you know, a lot of the times when you're doing these projects
for clients, this is a music producer doing this routine to promote his new album.
I went online because I forgot this project was a year or so ago.
I couldn't find his any of his logos.
I don't know why I don't have them on my computer, but it's cool.
I forgot that he worked with Lady Gaga, Jennifer Lopez, little John, like, come on, it's crazy.
So anyways.
Yeah, because this is a promo video for a project.
A lot of times in the end, these videos are going to have a title screen or a call to action or some
kind of wording that's going to tell people to do something after watching the promo, whether that's
a promo for a product.
It could be a link to the product's website or whatever it is.
So I generally that's going to have a logo so we can go ahead and drag in this logo that we used earlier.
It's going to have the logo and it's going to have some kind of wording.
So let's so let's go ahead and add in an example.
So w WW dot promo video dot com, of course, is is not going to say bro video is going to say, you
know, the client's website or whatever it is that your project entails.
And I'm just going to go ahead and get a clean looking font.
Just go with Latu.
It's a good one.
Never fails.
And let's go ahead and scale this up a little bit and let's center it.
Okay, so now what we have is this ending here, and we have our promo video logo with a website.
So what I want to do actually the end, because this is kind of a unique ending that we have here.
We have this kind of our overlays, see how it goes, boom, and then boom.
Oh, I actually want to put our title below that so that it looks kind of like.
It comes from behind it.
That's kind of cool.
So let's kind of refine this a little bit more that.
And like that, you know.
OK.
And we'll move them up.
OK,
OK, cool.
So that kind of incorporates our ending title card title screen a little bit more into the edit, and
I can even extend that's a little too much distortion going on.
But yeah, I can find a more a less distorted version.
Yeah.
Like that, just so that it fits a little bit more with the rest of the edit, because just the black
screen for all this, like overlays and greediness and you know, all this just different textures that
we have here just to go to that, it doesn't really match the rest of the video.
So that's something you want to keep in mind.
Anytime you're doing a title screen, you want it to be cohesive with the aesthetic of the rest of it.
Otherwise it's going to feel out of place.
So I don't want this to get too glitchy and crazy.
So what I'm going to do to combat that is I'm going to slow it down so there's less frequency of stuff
moving boom.
That makes it a little bit more palatable.
Right before it was kind of too much going on.
That's a lot going on.
I slowed it down to 60 percent.
Now the glitching is slower and then it goes out.
OK, so that's looking good.
Now, what we can do as maybe a final little layer here.
Just because, like I mentioned, we want our whole video to match up, what we can do is do a glitching
is directly to this altro, this ending bit of the clip.
So it's going like scale's move.
So we go from here, boom.
It goes like that.
Go for it again and move it.
And let's see how that works.
Boom.
OK, cool.
So we can even hold that a little bit more.
OK, we can even add one more, one more, you know, addition of a few frames of wittiness.
OK.
OK, cool, I like that.
So now our logo kind of interacts with the glitching is around it, and it doesn't just disappear,
fade out.
If this was a slow, smooth moving project that was like a violin, like one of our previous edits,
this would not make sense.
But we're really turning up the glitch grunge layer level on this one, because it just really matches
up with the vibe.